# What is a virtual private cloud (VPC)?

    A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a private cloud hosted within a public cloud.  A VPC can do anyting a ordinary private cloud can do. 

### What is a public cloud? What is a private cloud?

    A public cloud is shared cloud infrastructure.  A private cloud is a cloud service that is exclusively offered to one organization.

### How is a VPC isolated within a public cloud?

    A VPC is a private network within a public cloud environment. It is designed to provide isolation and security for resources deployed within the VPC.  The technologies in whitch a VPC is isolated in a public cloud are as follows.  
        -subnets 
        -VLAN's 
        -VPN's 

### What are the advantages of using a VPC instead of a private cloud?

    Some of the advantages of using a VPC are scalability, easy hybrid cloud deployment, better performance, and better security.

### How does Cloudflare support virtual private clouds?

    By providing a single plane of control for performance, security, and reliability services, including bot management, DNS, SSL, and DDoS protection,even for layer 3 traffic.

## Reading questions

1) How can one host within a VPC any services that need to be public?
    - One can host a within in a VPC any service that needs to be public by configuring public-facing components such as an internet gateway, a load balancer, or a NAT gateway.
2) What are examples of services that would live in the publicly-accessible part of the VPC? The privately-accessible part?
    - This depends on their accessibility requirements and security considerations.
3) What are the trade-offs of using a VPC vs traditional infrastructure?
    - Some trade-offs of using a VPC vs a traditional infrastructure are complexit, latency, vendor lock-ins, and network achitecture. 

### Source 
1) https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/cloud/what-is-a-virtual-private-cloud/
2) https://chat.openai.com/chat
