# Active Directory 
Intrpduced in 2000 AD is microsofts directory and idenity managment service for windows domain networks.  AD is made up of different directory services. The Active Directory schema supports various types of objects like User, Group, Contact, Computer, Shared Folder, Printer, and Organizational Unit, along with a set of descriptive attributes for each object.
### AD Domain Services Overview
AD domain services are used to authenticate users and to control access to network resources.  A server running AD DS is called a domain controller.  
### AD Data Structures
AD stores information about network users and resources in a hierarchical structure consisting of domains, trees, and forests. A domain is a collection of objects that share the same AD. These are identified as a DNS like (globex.com).  A tree is a collection of one or more domains with a contiguous namespace these have common DNS root names like (Admin.globex.com).  A forest is a collection of one or more trees that share a common schema, global catalog, and directory configuration.
### AD Benefits
Some benefits to using AD are security, extensibility, simplicity, and resiliency.
## Reding questions 
    1)What exactly is “Active Directory” and are the key services it provides?
        - AD is a dirrectory and ID managment service.   
    2)What are the differences between a domain, forest, and tree in Active Directory?
        - A domain is a collection of objects that share the same AD. These are identified as a DNS like (globex.com).  A tree is a collection of one or more domains with a contiguous namespace these have common DNS root names like (Admin.globex.com).  A forest is a collection of one or more trees that share a common schema, global catalog, and directory configuration.
    3)How can objects (e.g. users, devices) within a domain be grouped?
        - objects within a domain can be grouped functional, orginizational, geographical, security and custom groups. 
    4)Explain the benefits of Active Directory, as you would to a family member.
        - AD ia like a big phone book that keeps track of all the users, computers, and other resources on the network.
### Sources
    1) https://www.cyberark.com/what-is/active-directory/
    2) https://chat.openai.com/chat